Support Global Doc V (#200)
smileidentity/android: CHANGELOG.md

- Detection of bad lighting for Document Verification
- Detection of unfocused states for Document Verification
- Document detection for Document Verification

> - DocV updated to dynamically shows back of ID capture 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Document Verification updated to dynamically shows back of ID capture 
```

- Bump AndroidX Navigation to 2.7.1

### Removed

> - Removed `documentType` as a required field in DocV

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed `documentType` as a required field in Document Verification
```

- Removed `Document` model, so you now pass `countryCode` and `documentType` as separate params in

>   DocV

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Document Verification
```
